Update Lightning API documentation (#131)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: doc/arch/arch_overview.rst

Architecture overview
=====================

.. |br| raw:: html

   <br />

> Lightning's purpose is to provide direct C++ kernels to manipulate the statevector data as created with PennyLane. Our design extends that of the "default.qubit" device in PennyLane, allowing direct access to the complex C-backed Numpy array data. This ensures we maintain all existing compatibility with PennyLane plugins, as only the gate-application is offloaded to C++.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lightning Qubit's purpose is to provide direct C++ kernels to manipulate the statevector data as created with PennyLane. Our design extends that of the ``default.qubit`` device in PennyLane, allowing direct access to the complex C-backed Numpy array data. This ensures we maintain all existing compatibility with the PennyLane device API, as only the gate-application is offloaded to C++.
```

Reviewer: Nice! Though going forward will we still be following the philosophy of just offloading gate application to C++? E.g., if we override the whole execute method.
